Feature/hot reload : Files names modified, instructions added in readme (#18)
GP-Engine-team/GP_Engine: projects/GPGame/README.md

>  - 2 : Run installer and check : add Cmake to system path 
> ![](https://tulip.labri.fr/TulipDrupal/sites/default/files/uploadedFiles/users/6/screenshot_cmake01.png)
> - 3 : Run [installer](install_dependancies.bat) in the project root to download dependancy (git submodule) and install it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run CMake's installer and check "Add CMake to the system path" (for all/current user)
![](https://tulip.labri.fr/TulipDrupal/sites/default/files/uploadedFiles/users/6/screenshot_cmake01.png)
3. Run the [install_dependancies.bat](install_dependancies.bat) script in the project root to download dependencies (as submodules) and install them
```

I would also rename the script `install_dependancies.bat` to `install_dependencies.bat`. There is currently no such script in your branch.

This README should be at the root of the project.

Line 8, I would also replace :

> Run this command to download all dependencies (this operation can take up to a few minutes)
> ```batch
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> ```

with 

> Start by cloning the project with
> ```
> `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/GP-Engine-team/GP_Engine.git`
> ```
> (this operation can take up to a few minutes)

which will initialize all submodules immediatly

## How to run with Editor

- Open GPGame.sln
- Set GPEditor as default project
- Compile and run

> If you want to use the hot reload, you have different methods :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use hot reload, you have 2 choices:
```

> - You can run without debug mode (ctrl + f5) and then rebuild the dll (ctrl + maj + b) each time you change it.
> - You can run in debug mode (f5) and then rebuild the dll (ctrl + maj + b) with another visual studio instance each time you change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can run without debug mode (Ctrl + F5) and then rebuild the dll (Ctrl + maj + B) each time you change it.
- You can run in debug mode (F5) and then rebuild the dll (Ctrl + maj + B) with another Visual Studio instance each time you change it.
```
